DBT_CLOUD_INVOCATION_CONTEXT (#7489)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/best-practices/best-practice-workflows.md

## Pro-tips for dbt Projects
### Limit the data processed when in development

> Leverage the [environment variable `DBT_CLOUD_INVOCATION_CONTEXT`](/docs/build/environment-variables#dbt-platform-context), which provides metadata about the execution context of dbt. The possible values include `prod`, `dev`, `staging`, and `ci`.

Reviewer: I don't think we want to remove the info on how to limit data in these non-prod runs. This feels like we're replacing the purpose of this section

Author: I'll add this back. Thanks @MitchellBarker

Currently, the variable can be used in two places:

- [`dbt_project.yml`](/reference/dbt_project.yml)

> - In an `is_production` [macro](https://github.com/dbt-labs/cost-optimization-data/blob/f5ee436e733d9b3453ffb20dafa406f0fe13bdbc/macros/is_production.sql)

Reviewer: sorry, this was just an example for you to gain context on it - not something we can share directly with the public. That's a private repo. 

You can use this variable pretty much anywhere, those were just examples of two places my team is using it

Author: Apologies, I'll remove this as well

## Pro-tips for dbt Projects
### Limit the data processed when in development

> In a development environment, faster run times allow you to iterate your code more quickly. We frequently speed up our runs by using a pattern that limits data based on the target name:

Reviewer: If we're leaving instruction in place for the target name, shouldn't we leave the link in place too?
```suggestion
In a development environment, faster run times allow you to iterate your code more quickly. We frequently speed up our runs by using a pattern that limits data based on the [target](/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/target) name:
```

{% endif %}
```

> Leverage the [environment variable `DBT_CLOUD_INVOCATION_CONTEXT`](/docs/build/environment-variables#dbt-platform-context), which provides metadata about the execution context of dbt. The possible values include `prod`, `dev`, `staging`, and `ci`.

Reviewer: nit, just to tie it together
```suggestion
Or, instead of using the target name, leverage the [environment variable `DBT_CLOUD_INVOCATION_CONTEXT`](/docs/build/environment-variables#dbt-platform-context), which provides metadata about the execution context of dbt. The possible values include `prod`, `dev`, `staging`, and `ci`.
```

> Or, instead of using the target name, leverage the [environment variable `DBT_CLOUD_INVOCATION_CONTEXT`](/docs/build/environment-variables#dbt-platform-context), which provides metadata about the execution context of dbt. The possible values include `prod`, `dev`, `staging`, and `ci`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Another option is to use the [environment variable `DBT_CLOUD_INVOCATION_CONTEXT`](/docs/build/environment-variables#dbt-platform-context). This environment variable provides metadata about the execution context of dbt. The possible values are `prod`, `dev`, `staging`, and `ci`.
```

**Example usage**:

```

> {% if env_var('DBT_CLOUD_INVOCATION_CONTEXT', 'dev') != 'prod' %}

Reviewer: nit, I would drop the default from the example just to avoid confusion
```suggestion
{% if env_var('DBT_CLOUD_INVOCATION_CONTEXT') != 'prod' %}
```
